Document safer dependency update review for npm guidance (#168)
schalkneethling/create-project-calavera: src/ai/skills/frontend-security/references/nodejs-npm-security.md

# Check for vulnerabilities
npm audit

> # Fix automatically only after reviewing the proposed changes and lockfile diff

Author: ```suggestion
# Preview the proposed changes and lockfile diff first, then run `npm audit fix`
```
